Privacy Policy for President - PZ.

Effective Date: August 6, 2025

Mihail Arabadji ("we," "us," or "our") built the Presidend PZ app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by MihailGav at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

Information Collection and Use

We do not collect any personally identifiable information from users of our app. The app is designed to be used anonymously. We do not require you to provide any personal information to download or play our game.

Log Data

We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we may collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device's Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. This data is collected solely for the purpose of identifying and resolving bugs and improving the app's performance, and it is not linked to any personal identity.

Third-Party Services

Our app does not use any third-party services that would collect information identifying you.

Children’s Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do the necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at usernamemisha /at symbol/ gmail /dot/ com.
